something that happens to you when you
leave this town far the way the easier
it all gets the me and I've left I
remember all of it
[Music]
[Applause]
to the losers we made an oath I swear if
it isn't dead if it ever comes back
we'll come back to you we didn't stop it
the cloud we can't let it happen again
hello
for 27 years
I dreamt of you
[Music]
I'll miss you
we need to finish it
all of us
it consumes us from the inside until we
don't have a choice
[Music]
you
throughout time our people robbed lied
and killed until one day we found
ourselves noblemen but that nobility
never came from chivalry it came from
being tough and ruthless
[Music]
the real power is not found running off
to war
real power lies in understanding who it
is you're truly fighting
[Music]
and how they can be defeated
I know you want to fight but there are
other ways of doing your duty come on
Alfonso Caretti
you girls been very busy irony Ruby mrs.
Brennan I won't fight Claire you're the
one I have to watch out for out here my
husband 24 more months left other
services you girls gonna be just fully
we're gonna take care of you I can't
even make the rent what they gave me
last night what am I gonna do all these
men working these streets and not a
solid set of balls in here a bunch of
guys that don't even remember what
family means so we remind them I don't
want you to talk
I want you to teach me
step off my business
baby it's my business man and if you
need to talk to through then get
out of our way
I'm within rights to wipe you off the
face of the earth we worked hard for
this you want to go back now what I
rather died and go back
you go to war there's no coming back
Claire put a bullet in his head you
girls kill me
[Music]
just for the record there's not one
person in this group that I would choose
them for this type of mission they are
all too reckless government has killed
hundreds of families many more will die
if something is not done what do you
know about what's happening in Ethiopia
it's another bloody genocide but nobody
gives a because it's an effort well
your Prime Minister decided to give us
you the red sea diving resort it's a
hotel we can use to smuggle the refugees
through Sudan to Israel let's be very
clear
if this goes wrong
it all be hanging from cranes
BC best cover we could ask for
place is on the way home
they're still hundreds crossing the
border every week we are watching you
yes myths our country's tender box
the machine is an order for us I promise
this is not a mission folks this is my
life they're executing dissidents its
revolution we must leave now we're dying
you're sick you're starving
the roadblock full speed ahead you a
critic your lucky guy but when the luck
runs out we gotta have a plan and you
never have one
he will be the one behind
[Music]
oh just refugees aren't me
gentlemen we are smokejumpers the most
elite team of firefighters in the world
we must be in our very back to your
parents I'm legally bound to take area
so that's what I'm gonna do an intern
you're gonna be obedient so we can do
our job and when you do this when you
when you go like like that it's not
helpful Oh soon anagen is under my watch
me by your man can't turn my neck what
needs to happen this second is you got
to watch your tone little sister or what
masher is coming to rock you were what
just happened I think the baby just
broke it dog suit
Big Daddy I get distracted I can't do
this job effectively don't you remember
what it's like to be a kid did we kill
you
[Music]
[Applause]
well now it's a party
what kind of firefighters are you I know
you don't see it but yes we decide
[Music]
oh what a rush
Bell Bell boom boom boom boom huh don't
look at me don't do it or I'm gonna blow
this film is not yet rated book angle
look new book come here you could do the
carousel to switch and wrap
[Applause]
- 40 % 160 I just want to take care of
my grandma maybe go shopping every once
in a while when I was a kid I always
wanted to work with animals I was close
these Wall Street guys you see - this
country
I stole from everybody hard-working
people lost everything I'm not one of
these douchebags went to jail the game
is rigged and it does not reward people
who play by the rules
it's like robbing the bank except you
get the keys are you in these are my
coworkers
what if somebody calls the cops and says
what I spent $5,000 at a strip club send
help
we're family now
a family with money when would you say
that things got out of control so the
guy went back three more times because
he must have liked it my neck
we didn't do anything wrong you know
Tony wouldn't let this happen I'm gonna
text them who gave her her phone back
[Music]
hey Ashley help jack
the best thing about your dad being such
a screw-up so I get to spend time with
my favorite niece
[Music]
yes
so sorry jack
tell me this isn't happening
I'll pray for second chance to save even
losses in my bedroom
what's the date today it's 2010
[Music]
but I don't understand there's a crime
that in your time hasn't yet happened if
there's gonna die your mom's gonna die
so are you but as long as you're alive
two days to live what's that just
reconstruct on the timeline
who did it I don't know that yet there's
people here there's a white car that's
please turn around and go tell me what's
going on
I'm not gonna die
not gonna let that happen
[Applause]
[Music]
this is major Roy McBride I'm attempting
to reach dr. Clifford McBride this is
dr. McBride son
dad I'd like to see Union
[Music]
I recall how we used to watch
black/white movies together musicals
were your favorite
I remember you tutoring me in math he
instilled in me a strong work ethic
you should know I've chosen a career
that you would approve of I've dedicated
my life to the exploration of space and
I thank you for that
[Music]
what is happening out there is a crisis
of unknown magnitude
[Music]
we believe your father may be involved
my father's dead what exactly are you
implying for me
exploration is know is a noble venture
we have to hold out the possibility that
your father may be hiding from us
we have a job to do are you ready I'm
ready
[Music]
30-plus years of service combat medals
citations only man to shoot down three
enemy planes in last 40 years yet you
can't get a promotion won't retire
despite your best efforts he refused to
die
you should be at least a two-star
admiral by now yet here you are captain
what is that it's one of life's
mysteries sir
[Music]
the end is inevitable maverick you're
kind of headed for extinction
maybe so sorry but not today
[Music]
I haven't seen you before have I oh and
if you find the meaning
[Music]
[Applause]
are you going to try for a different
life
[Music]
last night I was standing there looking
at a monitor on one camera was Linda
Hamilton and on another camera was
Arnold Schwarzenegger I thought holy
I'm making a Terminator movie
chemistry captured that tone
it's r-rated it's grim it's gritty it's
fast its intense work hard and play hard
and this is what this movie was all
about Jane muscles fresh vision and like
what he did in depth in his action is
it's just a fast white-knuckle ride you
better watch your ass I hunt terminators
metal
but follows tonally in the footsteps so
t1 and t2 that adrenaline rush feeling
that sense of terror
action is 10 times bigger it's like holy
holy holy
films relentless it just does not stop
[Music]
just inside